Quotes:

"Tomorrow morning," he decided, "I'll begin clearing away the sand of fifty thousand
centuries for my first veetable garden. That's the initial step."
 - Phillip K. Dick, The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch

"Out beyond ideas of right and wrong doing there is a field. I'll meet
you there."
 - Rumi

“Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it."
 - Mahatma Gandhi

Enchantment
"And the fundamental quality of your life... is Enchantment, Attraction to That
Which utterly 'Intoxicates' you... You have nothing to say about That Which is
Attractive except that That Is Bliss, That Is Love, That Is Beauty, That is
Consciousness, That Is Truth."
 - Adi Da Samraj

Love Is Action
"Love is action. It is not action by another or a part of a seperate one. It is
not merely action of body, or feeling, or thought. It is action of the whole
body. It is the disposition of Radiance, prior to self apart and all it's
actions, which are all forms of contraction. It is neither inside nor outside
the individual. It is all all-pervading. It is the prior Condition of the whole
body and all worlds. In love we are each a living Sacrifice, not someone trying
to survive. When Love is altogether true, when Radiance shines so hard it opens
up the hand, then there is only God and God is Love. Love is the Sacrifice of
Man."
 - Adi Da Samraj

Love Is A Freedom
"Love is a freedom for a relationship that is based on self knowledge. And thus
also our relationships are built not on simple love, but on a difficult process
of mutual knowing. And most of love is not deep feeling affection, but a
willingness to work in relationship in order to exceed our limitations and
remain open to others."
 - Adi Da Samraj

"There he goes one of God's Own Prototypes. A high-powered mutant of some kind
never even considered for mass production. Too Weird To Live, Too Rare To Die"
 - Fear & Loathing In Las Vegas

A few good movies:
    Death By Design
    Transcendent Man
    Fat, Sick and Nearly Dead
    Food Matters
    I AM

A few good books:
    Siddhartha
    Hitchhiker Guide to the Galaxy Series
    Growing Vegetables with a Smile
    Spontaneous Evolution
    The Ringing Cedars
    Plant Healing Spirit - Eliot Cowan
    The Cathedral and the Bazaar

If you like math history
    A Book on Abstract Algebra - Charles Pinter
    The Code Book
    American Prometheus
    Beautiful Mind
    Fermat's Enigma

Benifits of certain kinds of nuts
    http://www.stylecraze.com/articles/benefits-of-cashew-nuts/
    http://healthyeating.sfgate.com/benefits-eating-almonds-daily-5007.html
    http://www.thehealthsite.com/fitness/go-walnuts-13-health-benefits-of-this-awesome-nut/
    http://www.care2.com/greenliving/8-incredible-health-benefits-of-pine-nuts.html
    http://foodfacts.mercola.com/pecans.html
    http://www.seedguides.info/brazil-nuts/  #Note over consumption is just a few nuts

Life Hacks:

Treating Sever Poison Ivy
Zanfel is the leading pharmaceutical for poisen Ivy it cost $45 per ounce.
Fast Orange which you can by at Autozone for $10 per ounce contains the
same active ingredient and smells nice.

Lufenuron gets rid of candida overgrowth which is the result of high sugar
diets. Candida is a yeast that we all have in our stomachs. Like all yeast
it feed on sugar. There are bacteria and enzymes in our stomachs which keep
it regulated. When we eat too much sugar the bacteria and enzymes can't keep
up with the growth of the Candida and it spreads through the body. The first
symptom of this is red blotches. Eventually it effects the nervous systems it
also causes fungus to form which leads to cancer and other problems. Here is
how you get it:
    http://shop.owndoc.com/product-info.php?lufenuron-pid170.html
In a few weeks the skin clears up. In the meantime it is important introduce
beneficial bacteria into the stomach. Here is a good product:
    http://keybiotics.com/
Just take the recommended dose for a few months. Then cancel the subscription
or they will keep sending you stuff. You don't need to take it forever.
Note: Recently, I found out that it Lufenuron can no longer be exported
from Europe most like because of the Pharmaceutical Industry. 
